ro/ubb/core/repository/song/SongJPQLRepositoryImpl.java
 ro.ubb.core.repository.song.SongJPQLRepositoryImpl
ro/ubb/core/repository/artist/ArtistCustomRepository.java
 ro.ubb.core.repository.artist.ArtistCustomRepository
ro/ubb/core/domain/BaseEntity.java
 ro.ubb.core.domain.BaseEntity
ro/ubb/core/repository/user/UserRepositoryCustom.java
 ro.ubb.core.repository.user.UserRepositoryCustom
ro/ubb/core/exceptions/XMLRepositoryException.java
 ro.ubb.core.exceptions.XMLRepositoryException
ro/ubb/core/repository/song/SongCustomRepository.java
 ro.ubb.core.repository.song.SongCustomRepository
ro/ubb/core/validation/ReviewValidator.java
 ro.ubb.core.validation.ReviewValidator
ro/ubb/core/service/stastisticEntities/ActiveUser.java
 ro.ubb.core.service.stastisticEntities.ActiveUser
 ro.ubb.core.service.stastisticEntities.ActiveUser$ActiveUserBuilder
ro/ubb/core/domain/Review.java
 ro.ubb.core.domain.Review
 ro.ubb.core.domain.Review$ReviewBuilder
ro/ubb/core/repository/artist/ArtistCriteriaRepositoryImpl.java
 ro.ubb.core.repository.artist.ArtistCriteriaRepositoryImpl
ro/ubb/core/validation/SongValidator.java
 ro.ubb.core.validation.SongValidator
ro/ubb/core/domain/SongDetails.java
 ro.ubb.core.domain.SongDetails
 ro.ubb.core.domain.SongDetails$SongDetailsBuilder
ro/ubb/core/repository/song/SongNativeRepositoryImpl.java
 ro.ubb.core.repository.song.SongNativeRepositoryImpl
ro/ubb/core/repository/user/UserNativeRepositoryImpl.java
 ro.ubb.core.repository.user.UserNativeRepositoryImpl
ro/ubb/core/domain/Artist.java
 ro.ubb.core.domain.Artist
 ro.ubb.core.domain.Artist$ArtistBuilder
ro/ubb/core/exceptions/ElementNotFoundException.java
 ro.ubb.core.exceptions.ElementNotFoundException
ro/ubb/core/exceptions/AlreadyExistingElementException.java
 ro.ubb.core.exceptions.AlreadyExistingElementException
ro/ubb/core/repository/user/UserCriteriaRepositoryImpl.java
 ro.ubb.core.repository.user.UserCriteriaRepositoryImpl
ro/ubb/core/exceptions/ProgramException.java
 ro.ubb.core.exceptions.ProgramException
ro/ubb/core/repository/artist/ArtistRepository.java
 ro.ubb.core.repository.artist.ArtistRepository
ro/ubb/core/validation/UserValidator.java
 ro.ubb.core.validation.UserValidator
ro/ubb/core/repository/artist/ArtistNativeRepositoryImpl.java
 ro.ubb.core.repository.artist.ArtistNativeRepositoryImpl
ro/ubb/core/repository/user/UserRepository.java
 ro.ubb.core.repository.user.UserRepository
ro/ubb/core/validation/ArtistValidator.java
 ro.ubb.core.validation.ArtistValidator
ro/ubb/core/config/JPAConfig.java
 ro.ubb.core.config.JPAConfig
ro/ubb/core/service/stastisticEntities/SongsWithReviewAverage.java
 ro.ubb.core.service.stastisticEntities.SongsWithReviewAverage
 ro.ubb.core.service.stastisticEntities.SongsWithReviewAverage$SongsWithReviewAverageBuilder
ro/ubb/core/domain/Song.java
 ro.ubb.core.domain.Song
 ro.ubb.core.domain.Song$SongBuilder
ro/ubb/core/exceptions/DatabaseException.java
 ro.ubb.core.exceptions.DatabaseException
ro/ubb/core/service/UserService.java
 ro.ubb.core.service.UserService
ro/ubb/core/repository/artist/ArtistJPQLRepositoryImpl.java
 ro.ubb.core.repository.artist.ArtistJPQLRepositoryImpl
ro/ubb/core/exceptions/ValidatorException.java
 ro.ubb.core.exceptions.ValidatorException
ro/ubb/core/service/ArtistService.java
 ro.ubb.core.service.ArtistService
ro/ubb/core/validation/Validator.java
 ro.ubb.core.validation.Validator
ro/ubb/core/repository/Repository.java
 ro.ubb.core.repository.Repository
ro/ubb/core/domain/User.java
 ro.ubb.core.domain.User
 ro.ubb.core.domain.User$UserBuilder
ro/ubb/core/repository/user/UserJPQLRepositoryImpl.java
 ro.ubb.core.repository.user.UserJPQLRepositoryImpl
ro/ubb/core/repository/song/SongCriteriaRepositoryImpl.java
 ro.ubb.core.repository.song.SongCriteriaRepositoryImpl
ro/ubb/core/service/SongService.java
 ro.ubb.core.service.SongService
ro/ubb/core/repository/song/SongRepository.java
 ro.ubb.core.repository.song.SongRepository
ro/ubb/core/service/ReviewService.java
 ro.ubb.core.service.ReviewService
